Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Some people are lovers.
Others. fighters.
And sometimes it's hard
to tell the difference.
I was born a fighter.
but a girl's got bills to pay.
and I didn't have a safety net.
When I wasn't at school. I got a job
training clients for Julian James.
the best fighter on this side
of the Mississippi
and the only father figure I'd ever had.
Looks like she's doing all the work.
-Keep it up. Sienna.
-Nice. One more. Nice.
Now. my sister Beth.
she's a lover. and my other half.
I mean. don't get me wrong.
She drives me nuts.
but our friend Brent balances us out.
That was the extent of my social circle.
and to be honest. I liked it that way.
-You need to focus.
-I tried. That's all you.
I mean. I have more interests.
I don't have to go to college.
Oh. yeah. You know. why?
Why would you get a big girl job
when you could just be
mooching off me forever?
-Great idea. I like where your head's at.
-Ha ha.
-So…
-I'm gonna be right back.
-Just give me one sec.
-I don't think it's gonna work.
-Hey. I'm Jax.
-Hi.
Oh. I knew exactly who he was.
Sienna. right?
I heard you're a great trainer.
Maybe we can get in the ring sometime.
Yeah. he was cute.
but he had a reputation.
and I wasn't just gonna let my guard down.
He was a fighter…
…and a lover.
an intoxicating combination.
One. One. two.
Two. One. two. Two.
Jax was the best I'd ever trained
and the best fighter UFG had ever had.
Nice. It's not just about power. okay?
-It's about precision.
-Is that right?
Making her MXM debut.
we have standing in the center ring
a mixed martial artist from Springfield.
-12 wins by knock-out.
-Whoo!
Sienna "The Princess of Rage" Lane!
-And the crowd goes wild!
Whoo!
-But…
-Ugh. "but…"
I'm not a princess.
No? You're my princess.
I tried to keep things professional. but…
Whoo!
…I was hooked.
One hit was never enough.
Psst. Sienna.
Sienna.
You're zoning out.
I love you.
Normally. I'd have been more outspoken
about his habit of tempting fate.
but he thought he was invincible.
and I bought in to the myth.
-Until he had an accident…
-Are you doing okay?
…that brought us both back to reality.
-Si. what if I never--
-Hey.
What if I can't fight anymore?
We're gonna get through this.
You don't have to be here.
-Are you crazy?
-Maybe.
-We're a team.
-Yeah.
Rebel champions.
Seeing him like that. so human.
hurting. made it all feel real.
Try to get it parallel to your hip. okay?
Yep.
I'm done.
-Where are you going?
-What's the point?
If I can't kick. I can't fight.
Yes. you can. Jax.
if we strengthen your other skills.
What other skills?
Come here.
We're gonna find you a new edge. Okay?
Yeah.
He needed me…
…and that's when I really fell.
We were so much more connected.
and eventually he came back
better than before
in every way.
Hey. looking good.
This is Jax. Leave a message.
Hey. uh. so my last client canceled.
Um. I'm just going to run
to the nutrition shop for you
and I will be right home.
-Thank you.
-Okay.
-Thanks.
Things were really good.
And that feeling?
Man. I was riding the high…
…but I should've known
there would be a comedown.
Jax. Beth…
-Sienna.
-I'm so sorry.
Oh. shit.
No matter how far I'd fallen.
I couldn't get him off my mind.
And the worst part?
He probably wasn't even
giving me a second thought.
-Hey. champ. You okay?
-I'm good.
-Great job this week.
-Thank you.
See you tomorrow. boss.
Next stop.
Springfield Community College.
Welcome to rock bottom.
I needed a new project.
somewhere to focus my energy.
But I'd settle for a distraction.
so school would have to do.
Econ 101 was not my fave.
but at least I had Brent.
Brent's a good guy.
He's smart. levelheaded.
and not fucking my sister.
In fact. he's all loved up
and getting married in eight weeks.
Wow. that's what I get
for saving you the best seat in the house?
I see how it is.
You okay?
I caught my sister
and my boyfriend of a year
having sex in our apartment.
and I spent the night in the gym.
Beth and Jax? Shit.
Do you have a place to stay?
I can't afford much.
There's a wait list for campus housing.
I may know a guy renting a room for.
like. 250 a month.
-Yeah?
-Just. um. be careful.
-He's--
-What? An ax murderer?
Complicated.
You spent the night with Daniel?
Jesus. Alex. I was worried sick.
He lives in a basement?
Now I'm really getting murder-y vibes.
-Fuck me.
-Excuse me?
Oh. shit.
That was supposed to be my inside voice.
Um. hi.
Kayden. right?
Brent told me that you might be
looking for a roommate.
-No.
-What? No?
Look. I'm in a really tight spot.
-No offense--
-Oh. wow.
-What?
-No. it's just people say that.
"No offense." like it'll
absolve them of the guilt
of whatever asshole thing
they were about to say.
So what was it you were gonna say?
I don't think it's gonna be a good fit.
Look. I've been through a lot.
I have nowhere else to stay.
Not my problem.
Okay. Fair point.
It wasn't his problem.
But did he have to be such a jerk?
Well. at least he's up-front about it.
Jax kept that shit under wraps
till I was far too gone.
Back to the drawing board.
As much as I hated asking for help.
maybe Julian could give me
a little direction.
Julian. got anyone
on the books for me today?
'Fraid not.
Everybody's jumping ship.
Basement brawls
are starting back up at Powder Keg.
More money. less rules.
and Jax is the poster boy.
You didn't know?
Loyalty isn't really his thing.
Yeah. well. ever since he stormed out.
we've been dying a slow death.
and now we've lost our best fighter.
-How are we supposed to compete with that?
-Well. we don't.
I would rather lose this gym honestly
than stoop to the underground.
I mean. it's a sport. It's not worth
getting somebody killed for.
Kayden "The Killer" Williams. huh?
Small world.
Powder Keg was UFG's biggest rival.
and the underground operated
out of their basement.
Nothing feels legal here--
because it isn't.
You're a trainer? UFG. huh?
There is only one rule!
There are no rules!
Oh. man. he's out!
Hey there. princess.
Come to watch me fight?
-No. I've seen enough.
-Hey. hey.
-All right. stop.
-It just--
It just happened. okay?
You're the only one who understands me.
I don't understand you at all.
Please. can you help me do that?
I don't know. you just-- you got so busy.
-Busy? Taking care of you!
-No. I didn't mean it like that. okay?
-You know I'm not good at this stuff.
-For the last year.
it's been all about you.
Figuring out how to rehab your stupid leg.
meal prepping for you. loving you.
making sure that you're good
to fight again.
I made a mistake. Babe--
A mistake is forgetting to pick up dinner.
Fucking my little sister is an act of war.
Si--
5 to 1 odds.
Deadbeat's favored. You want in?
100 on Kayden Williams.
Right.
Yeah! Let's go!
-Yeah!
Brent? What are you doing here?
I could ask you the same thing.
I. uh-- I'm here with my fiancé.
Evans. You must be Sienna.
-Heard you had a rough week. huh?
-Yeah.
But it's good to finally meet you.
Unlike my love life.
which had been very much on display.
Brent kept things low-key.
Like. he'd never introduced me
to his fiancé low-key.
Kayden "The Killer" Williams!
Ready? Ready?
Go. Fight.
How do you know each other again?
He's my brother.
I didn't know you had a brother.
Adopted.
Come here.
He's good. but he's not unbeatable.
He was till tonight.
Fuck.
How do you know him?
That's my ex.
I'd give anything for Jax
to get a taste of his own medicine.
It didn't look like
that was gonna happen tonight.
but Kayden had promise.
Police. police. police!
-Shit. Shit. shit. shit.
-Hey. it's a raid.
Deadbeat. break it up! We need to get out!
-Everybody's going!
-See you later. Sienna.
-We're not done yet.
-Let's go. let's go.
-Everybody out of here.
-I want my rematch. Killer!
Keep walking.
-Come on. everybody out.
-All right. let's go.
Okay. I guess this is rock bottom.
Hopefully.
I was out my last hundred bucks.
and I couldn't keep sneaking into the gym.
I haven't tied one on
like that in so long.
Hey. good for you. Good for you.
I had to stop feeling sorry for myself.
No more sad girl shit.
I was on to that mad girl shit.
And I was not about to let
Jax get away with this.
Powder Keg was the seventh circle of hell.
right after CrossFit.
but you can't slay a demon
if you're afraid of fire.
I thought I told you
I didn't want to see you again.
Technically. you told me
I wasn't your problem.
And you were right. I am your solution.
-I'm good.
-You're good. but you're not great.
Your reflexes are quick.
but you've got poor intention.
Your defense is spotty.
you telegraph your punches.
and you're not using
the right hip movement on the mat
to offset someone stronger. which he is.
-And that's why you need me.
-Oh. I need you?
Yeah. I am the only person
who can help you beat Jax Deneris.
Who said I'm taking a rematch?
I mean…
Look. I've been in the ring
with Jax for three years.
I stand before you a copy of your enemy.
I know how he thinks.
how he trains. how he kills.
I saw you lose. and I am the only one
who can make sure
that doesn't happen again.
Okay. what are you offering specifically?
I train you six days a week
from now through the rematch.
I train every day. 3-6-5.
Yeah. that's the first thing
I'll be changing.
You want me to train less?
No. I want you to train smarter.
and rest days are a part of that.
And in turn. you…
let me stay in your apartment.
I mean. come on.
I bet all my money on you last night.
so. I mean. you kind of owe me.
All right. lucky. let's see what you got.
Well. I mean. for starters.
just keep your eyes a little bit forward
and take that curve out of your neck.
Just kind of tuck in your lumbar sacrum.
Your room's over there.
Yikes.
Hey. you go to SCC too.
I didn't get to introduce
myself the other day. Cara.
Sienna.
-Want a ride?
-Uh. no. I'm good.
Are you sure? 'Cause the bus sucks.
and we're going to the same place.
Let's go.
-She's temperamental.
-Mm.
I'm guessing
I can't link my Spotify in this?
No.
So. you lived in Springfield
your whole life
and you don't have
any family here or friends?
-Not anymore.
-Why's that?
Because that's my sister
and that's my ex-boyfriend.
Oh.
Si. look. I tried to tell you.
but you're not the easiest
person to talk to.
I've been working my ass off
trying to take care of you.
Beth. I haven't been able
to get you to come to school for months.
and then you're gonna come together?
Si. I'm sorry--
You don't know what
you're dealing with. okay?
He is toxic and manipulative.
You can't fix him.
I already tried.
Kayden. Come on. cupcake. Rise and shine.
Motherfucker.
Hey. asshole. we had a deal.
Hey. you're done.
Listen. I gave you
your money back. We're even.
I don't want your handouts. okay?
I want to win.
We had a deal. Hit me.
-No.
-Come on.
Hit me. Let's go!
Look. I don't want to hurt you.
Find another project.
This is not personal.
Come on.
Hit me. Let's go.
All right. Let's go.
Come on.
It is personal to me.
You wanna beat him? You just lost.
You're mine. Sienna.
I want you. All of you.
Sienna. I'm tapping.
Sienna.
Seriously?
Why does my mind keep going back to Jax?
You hungry?
Yeah.
Hi. neighbors. The usual?
-Mm-hmm.
-You got it.
Can I get you anything?
Five egg whites. scrambled.
with a side of salsa.
half an avocado.
and a chicken breast. no oil.
Coming right up.
So. uh. what are you studying?
Social economics in business.
Impressive.
Look. this is gonna be really hard.
Hard?
The hardest you'll train in your life.
Don't flatter yourself.
I am never dating another fighter.
You shouldn't. Especially me.
-Excuse me.
-That's what you're eating?
Nope. that's what you're eating.
Mmm.
You know there's no weight class
in the underground. right?
Jax is bigger than me.
You don't need to cut.
but you should be tracking your macros.
Pack proteins with isolates.
and you'd better not be juicing.
What else?
Julian doesn't want
any of his team in the underground.
so I come to you at Powder Keg.
You do exactly what I say.
No drinking. no smoking. no partying.
No problem.
That's a really good burger.
I know. It's my usual.
Good choice.
Come on. Quick feet!
Keep your abs tight.
Good to see you. stranger.
Nice to see you too. boss.
I got a few interesting calls this week.
One from a promoter
seeing if you wanted
to fight at the nationals.
-Me?
-Yeah.
-Fight?
I'm just really busy. Um…
Yeah. right. with all your clients.
No. I just am taking
20 credits this semester.
-Your sister called.
-Here?
Yeah. she says you're not
answering your phone.
Yeah. my bad?
She sounded like
she was seriously concerned.
Wow. That's ironic.
You know what?
Holding onto anger is like drinking poison
and expecting the other person to die.
It's keeping you from being your best.
Or maybe it's just giving me my edge.
Get real with yourself. Sienna.
I just think whatever it is.
this story that you're telling yourself.
it's not necessarily reality.
Okay. what are you looking at?
Don't just defend. Be first.
For every one. you give three.
No.
You're letting your guard down.
-That's it.
-No. that's not it.
Defense is not an action.
It's a given. okay?
Your resting state should be impenetrable.
No one gets in. no one can hurt you.
Come on. one. two.
Every time someone attacks.
they leave an opening.
Find the opening. close for the kill.
Right hook.
Find the opening…
…close for the kill.
Okay.
Sienna. can I talk to you. please?
Since when do you even work out?
I didn't know you were gonna be here.
Talk to me. please.
-Get out of my way. Beth.
-No!
-Jax told me to stand up for myself.
-Oh. he did?
Did he also tell you
to do your hair like this?
'Cause it looks like
you fucked the Easter Bunny.
Move.
I was trying to move on.
but talk about triggering.
Jax had told me
to stand up for myself. too.
unless it got in the way
of what he wanted.
-That's all you got?
-Come on.
-That's it?
-Hit me back.
I'm not gonna hit you back. okay?
I need you in one piece.
If I'm ever gonna fight.
I need to take a hit.
Who said you're gonna fight?
The things you overlook
when you're under their influence.
Ooh!
Come on. I could be really good.
You are good. but you're a better trainer.
Was that your sister?
How could you tell?
The tension.
Mm.
-What?
-Nothing.
Nothing? Doesn't sound like nothing.
-What does it sound like?
-Judgment.
-I don't know the situation here…
-No. you don't.
-…but family is important.
-Yeah?
Is that why you're holed up
in a basement alone?
Stay in your lane.
Of course I was angry.
It was helping me get over Jax.
And I was getting over him.
Kinda.
Sienna.
Sienna!
Good dream?
Shit.
My alarm didn't go off.
Let's go. It is officially confirmed.
10:00. March 31st.
-The rematch?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay. you're gonna do what I say. right?
No moody disappearing act or quid pro quo?
"If you do this. I'll do that."
I know what quid pro quo means.
-So?
-Yes. sensei.
Good.
By the way. you talk in your sleep.
We'd made progress.
but if he was gonna have
any chance of beating Jax
I'd need to pull out all the stops.
-Come on.
-What is this?
Mixing your MA. Do you trust me?
-Mm-hmm.
-Are you sure?
Well. when you say it like that…
Okay.
This is sensitivity training.
The basic theory is
if your breath is grounded in your body
and you're in sync with your opponent.
you can overtake them
no matter their size.
Okay? So just feel me.
Uh-huh. Nice and easy.
Breathe.
Feel my next move.
So. stay grounded in your body
so no matter what tries to control you…
-Whoa!
-Oh!
-Don't fall off.
-I'm not gonna let you fall.
You're good.
Feel my next movement. Yep. yep.
That's it. That's it.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Nice.
-Again.
You are a unique trainer. Sensei Lane.
I borrowed that exercise from Julian.
-He is a legend.
-Yeah.
It's big shoes to fill.
We talked about me maybe--
maybe running the gym with him someday.
Really?
It's kind of why I'm studying business
so I can help
with the books and everything.
So you really never considered fighting?
Of course I did. I do.
But Jax always said I wasn't tough enough.
-strong enough. good enough.
-Mm.
Looking back. I think he didn't want me
to take what was his.
The irony.
And there's a whole stigma with women
like we shouldn't get punched in the face
because beauty's our only asset.
whereas men can afford to get busted up
because you guys have
other valued qualities.
Well. not that my opinion
matters for shit.
but I support you fighting whatever war
you see as important.
Inside and outside the cage.
I saw Jax and Beth at the gym.
I've done a lot of things
in my life that I regret…
…but he should know better.
He's going to.
Come on. you're letting your guard down.
Come on. Kayden. stay ahead of him.
-Nice. Kayden.
-He's getting better.
Yeah. his timing is improving.
Come on.
That's it. Find the openings!
Hit the holes! Nice.
-Come on.
-Hey. princess.
You see me fight the other night?
KO in 34 seconds.
Jax. stop. I'm working.
-This is your new guy?
-Come on. Kayden.
Yikes. That's a step down.
He's just sparring.
Come on. let me talk to you for a second.
Hey.
You're too good for this
underground bullshit.
You don't belong here.
Since when do you care
about my well-being?
What? You can't say that
I don't care about you.
When I wanted to fight on my own.
you didn't believe in me.
you shut it down.
And then when I tried to
get close to you. you cheated.
I got scared. okay? It's fight or flight.
But I miss you. Si. Remember?
It's you and I against the world.
Come here. Stop.
Kayden. protect yourself!
Keep moving.
-You're still seeing her.
-I can stop.
She's just easier.
-Easier?
-I didn't mean it like that.
Kayden Williams is the next champion.
and I'm training him to break you.
-Here. hold still.
-Mm.
-Is that okay?
-Mm-hmm.
-What'd Jax say?
-It doesn't matter.
All that matters is that we win.
-What if we don't win?
-We will.
He knows you're a threat.
especially now that you have me.
Jax preys on weakness. okay?
So if you any.
we need to know what they are
-and get ahead of them.
-Uh-huh.
-Look what we got.
-Look what we have here.
My girlfriend said you were begging
for sloppy seconds.
-Thought she was joking.
-You know. you have a really interesting
definition of girlfriend.
if it's someone you use.
gaslight. and cheat on
with her own sister.
Honestly.
not that surprising coming from someone
that dropped out of the big leagues
to fight below their weight class.
-You don't know shit about me.
-Yeah?
-Yeah. there you go.
-Oh!
-Back off. deadbeat!
-Oh. princess!
-Don't fucking call me that.
-Oh.
Forgot how sexy you are when you're angry.
Almost as sexy as your sister.
Yikes.
Too much?
Shit! Sienna!
What the fuck? Hey!
What the fuck? Get over here!
I'll fucking kill you!
Go to hell!
Jax brought out the worst in me.
but it felt good standing up to him.
Maybe I need to do more for myself.
What are you doing? I told you. I--
You convinced yourself
you don't deserve a home. I know.
So. what do you think?
Belladonna Lily or Labrador Blue?
What? Was Benjamin Moore out of
Doom and Gloom Gray?
Yeah. as well as Brooding Beige.
Hmm. What about Annoying Orange
or Relentless Red?
No. they weren't.
Apparently. they still have those ones.
-Unfortunate.
-Mm-hmm.
Come here!
-Oh. no. You wouldn't.
-I wouldn't?
-No.
-You don't think I will?
-No. I don't.
-I will if you dare me.
-Not even that one. No. no.
-You owe me.
You brought this upon yourself.
Come on. Just a little bit. Just a little.
-Okay. Okay. a little.
-You owe it to me.
-Just a little. Just a little.
-Yeah. okay.
What?
I can't.
I can't have any distractions right now.
I gotta get my head in the game.
I was almost pinned last night.
You're right.
Okay. we just need to focus.
Maybe we should try something different.
No. absolutely not.
You don't understand
how dangerous it is. okay?
It's not a sport. it's senseless violence.
and UFG is above that.
If I get caught. I lose my license.
I lose everything.
You're losing now anyway.
We've been underwater for months.
Kayden is the real deal.
So why does he fight in the underground?
Why don't you ask him?
Julian. this is Kayden.
It's an honor.
I used to watch all your interviews.
Without you. I--
What. you wouldn't be
beating up men in basements?
Yeah. but you-- you opened my eyes.
You opened my mind.
-Oh. I did?
-Yeah.
You taught me that fighting
is about so much more
than just getting the biggest hit in.
Take a seat.
You know. martial arts is about joining
your mind. body. and spirit.
It's an extension of your education.
Well. I always wanted to go to school.
but to be honest.
that just wasn't in the cards for me.
But I'd be hiding in the back of a gym.
I'd be on a bus reading anyone
that you mentioned.
So why stay underground?
-It's all I know.
-Then why do you need me?
Because I need to beat Jax.
and that's where he lives.
That's what this is about.
He betrayed me. And he betrayed you!
-You have every right to want--
-Sienna. I--
Come on. Julian.
this could really put us back on the map.
When Kayden wins.
he's gonna go legit here.
and the fighters
are gonna flock from everywhere
hoping for the same thing.
You're gonna have your champ
and a following.
My champ and a following?
It's not about ego.
Come on.
Please.
We really need your help.
I really need your help.
Let me be clear.
I will never support the underground.
But I support you.
You've gotta choose.
Are you fighters or whatever this is?
Because if you train in this gym.
it has to be as professionals.
Mixing business with pleasure
didn't work out for you last time.
And in the cage.
a fraction of a second of distraction
can get you killed.
Nice!
Yes! Nice.
-You see how he's coming…
-Come on. Breathe.
-Hey.
-Sienna.
-I'm sorry I'm late.
-It's okay.
-I'm just happy you're here.
-Of course.
You actually just missed my mom.
She's been dying to meet you.
-Really?
-Yeah. Kayden may have
mentioned your name once or twice.
-No pressure. No.
-No pressure.
Here's the dress we picked.
-Wow.
-Yeah.
But one of my bridesmaids
asked if she could design the dresses.
-Good one.
-Gotcha.
-Now this is beautiful.
-Way better. right?
Yes.
I thought you'd look great
in this neckline.
You know what? This one's fine.
This one's actually better than fine.
-Mm.
-Yep.
You didn't care to mention this?
I love you both. and it's my big day.
So deal with it. okay? Thank you.
Look. I'm sorry you feel betrayed--
That's not a good way to start an apology.
dodging responsibility.
Okay. I am sorry I betrayed you.
I know how much you sacrificed
to make sure I was okay.
But. Sienna.
it has been so hard living in your shadow.
and Jax was the first person
to pay attention to me.
I'm just trying to figure out who I am.
By what? Being tied up and degraded?
He asks if I want it.
But you don't know what you want. Beth.
-You're 18!
-Oh. and you do?
I don't! Uh. no. I don't!
I know there's a difference
between liking it rough
and manipulating women to serve your ego.
You know. Si. it's not about you.
Just stay out of it.
Beth. it's not about you either.
This is about Jax
and the pleasure he gets
from taking our power.
He loves me.
I knew what she was going through
and that it was gonna get worse.
But when you're that far gone.
only you can decide
when you're ready for help.
You carb-loading there. lucky?
Don't worry about it.
Why aren't you at the gym?
-Miss me?
-I already put in eight hours today.
I'm supposed to take the next 24 off.
Unless. of course. you changed your mind
about having a rest day.
No. Definitely not.
You okay?
-Great.
-Yeah?
Uh. listen.
I'm here if you want
to talk about anything.
It's just Beth.
I swear. it's like she's living
on another fucking planet.
Like. in what world
does she not see what he's doing?
She saw what he did to me.
chipping away at my self-esteem
and gaslighting me.
Uh. I'll get this one.
-Who is that?
-It's no one.
Oh. come on. Kayden.
I open up to you.
and you're still a vault?
Good to see the dynamic duo
back together again.
Can I get you anything?
I know you two are low-key
fight clubbing it.
and it's kind of cool
to know people that are so hard.
But do you have to be so hard
on each other?
Why did it bother me so much
that Kayden wouldn't let me in?
His whole brooding.
mysterious thing was getting to me.
But. no. we were in this to beat Jax.
It was purely a business transaction.
and that's all I wanted.
-Hey.
-Right?
Sienna.
Hey. Sienna.
It's me!
I could have snapped your wrist.
Were you-- have you been following me?
No. Yeah. Uh--
I'm sorry I got mad.
I mean. don't. Don't do that.
-Do what?
-That. That-- that look.
-What? That's my face.
-I…
I know. It's just…
You're the last thing on my mind at night.
The first thing in the morning.
You are the smartest.
strongest. most insanely stubborn.
beautiful force of a woman
I have ever met.
and it kills me knowing
that I can't give you
everything that you deserve.
Kayden. people are allowed to change…
…grow. make mistakes. and then move on.
Whatever it is that you've gone through
that's made the person
standing in front of me.
it's enough.
You're enough.
Tell me to stop and I will.
No way.
Julian's gonna kill us.
Not if he doesn't know.
He'll know.
Um. we can just pretend it never happened
if you have regrets or anything.
What? No.
The cheese-- cheese is still melting.
but you should try this.
-Hot.
-Mm.
It is my take on migas.
-Mmm.
-Yep.
Homemade tortilla chips.
caramelized onions.
peppers. eggs.
anything really
that I want to put on there.
Oh. you want cilantro?
No. Never.
Really?
-You like cilantro?
-I love cilantro.
-Oh. no.
-You think you know someone.
Well. I didn't know you were such a chef.
Yeah. uh. it's what I wanted
to be when I was younger.
It's just not the same cooking for one.
Well. you're really good at it.
When I woke up I realized…
…I don't want just one night with you.
But…
No buts.
All right. go.
That's it. Light on your feet.
-You're late.
-Sorry. boss. uh. we--
Got caught up in each other?
Forgot what you're meant to be doing?
I mean. if you're not gonna take this
seriously. find somewhere else to train.
-Come on.
-Okay? I gave you the conditions. okay?
I said keep it professional.
But you didn't do that. did you?
We've been down this road before. Sienna.
Julian. come on.
Give me a jab. Jab cross.
Look. I really do need your help.
You don't know what you need.
And somebody is gonna get hurt. Sienna.
Sir. this is just as much
my fault as it is hers.
Hey. this is between us.
Jab. Switch.
Oh. nice shot.
Come on.
Julian. I'm really sorry.
I am.
Did you see Jax's fight the other night?
It's all over the Internet.
Oh!
…to take on Kayden "The Killer" Williams!
You really want to be a part of this?
You're gonna get yourself killed.
You got one week.
Are you ready to send him into that?
We'll be ready.
Buckle down and you can stay.
but no more warnings.
Uh-huh.
Nice. Yep. down.
Nice.
That's good.
Hey. can you give us a hand for a sec?
Yeah. sure. Keep going.
Make sure you switch up the angles.
Okay. this is Athena.
She's got a fight coming up.
I wanna get her on her feet.
Yeah. Sure.
Okay. ladies. you ready?
Okay. touch gloves.
And go!
Bring her to you. Athena.
Cover.
Use the ring.
Step back.
Watch those leg kicks and don't project.
Nice. Good kick.
Keep your guard up.
Cover. Come on.
Athena. use the fence.
Keep going. The foot--
Take her to ground.
Okay. get off the ropes.
Come on. take it.
Fight your way out.
Good fight.
What?
-It's nothing.
-It was nothing?
She's won all three fights this year.
You just took her down.
It's nothing.
Well. let me know when
you're ready to get serious.
I didn't say stop.
Wow.
Need some help?
Yeah. you know how to do this?
No. not really.
But I YouTubed it.
so let's see.
Mm-hmm.
This one goes behind.
Across.
There.
All right.
Look at you. Look at you.
I'm really glad we stayed
for the reception.
Slink off to the shadows
when things get social?
-It's not me.
-Oh. yeah.
-You? I'm very social.
-No.
Oh. yeah. definitely.
I've missed this.
I'm here.
Forever?
I mean it.
Do you really see that happening for us?
Go big or go home. lucky.
There she is.
You clean up nice. princess.
Come on. I can't even get a hello?
-Did Beth invite you?
-Beth?
-I'm kidding.
-Ha. ha.
Women are disposable.
You're a real comedian.
Si. now that's what I love about you.
Never afraid to tell it like it is.
I miss that fire.
I don't know. maybe this wedding stuff
is making me all sentimental.
-This was supposed to be us.
-Mm.
Me and you? Rebel champions?
Rebels stand for something.
You can't even stand up.
Okay. Jax. you need to go home.
Sienna. Sienna. I know I'm not perfect.
Neither of us were. But we were good.
We could be great.
I know it.
How many times
do I have to tell you I'm done?
It's kinda mixed signals
when you keep coming back.
Well. consider this me breaking the cycle.
-What's going on. Sienna?
-Come on. let's just go.
You know she's just using you
to get back at me. right?
What. are you hurt?
You thought there was something more?
That's not how she operates.
She may look like she's on the sidelines.
-but she's the one calling the shots.
-Jax. stop.
You're a pawn. dude.
I'll prove it to you right now.
-Fight me.
-Let's go.
See if she sticks around afterwards.
I'm not gonna fight you. man.
This is a wedding.
Respect the families.
Save it for tomorrow.
The fuck do you know
about respecting family?
Killed yours. didn't you? Your mom. right?
-Motherfucker.
-Hey!
-Get off.
-Dude. Hey. calm down.
-Fuck!
-Go on. Get out of here.
Get over here. I'll fucking kill you.
-No!
-You need to get out.
Get off me!
-Let me see. Let me see.
-Kayden!
You guys enjoying the show?
Seriously. dude. what is wrong with you?
-Kayden. Kayden. wait!
-Fuck that guy.
He doesn't know
anything about me or my mom
-or my life or any--
-Neither do I.
So talk to me. Tell me.
That's my mom. okay?
She raised me by herself.
She worked three jobs
to keep food on the table.
and I was just a piece of shit.
One night. I got really drunk at a party.
and. uh. she left work to come find me.
and on the way
she got hit by a drunk driver.
-And just like that. gone.
-You couldn't have known--
And everything that she did for me?
That's how I repaid her.
Now I'm just a high school dropout
that gets beat up in
underground fights for money.
She'd be really proud of that.
wouldn't she?
What do you want from me. Sienna?
I put everything that I have
into these fights.
Everything. What do you want?
'Cause I have nothing left to give.
and I am not gonna be
another person's charity case.
You're not a charity case. Kayden.
-I'm so sorry.
-Don't! No. no. no.
No. no.
That is the last thing I want-- pity.
Definitely not yours.
from the way you pity yourself so much
it keeps you chasing that asshole.
Excuse me?
You think you're so tough.
but you're just hiding.
Oh. says-- says the brave hero
just locked up in a basement
haunted by his own ghost waiting to die.
You forced your way into my life!
I didn't ask for that.
and I don't need you.
Really? You don't need me? Because
the last fight before me. you lost.
-Wait.
-Ouch.
-That feels broken.
-Don't.
I'm gonna do this on my own.
Don't come tomorrow.
Tomorrow? What?
You can't fight with a broken rib.
What does it matter to you if I lose?
'Cause we don't have anything
after tomorrow. do we?
Have fun on your suicide mission!
Fuck.
You heading out?
You're a professional. Sienna.
We don't abandon our fighters.
Let's get through this fight.
and then we'll focus on the next chapter.
But tonight he needs you.
-You need a hand?
-Julian.
I thought you didn't want
anyone to know about this.
Well. you know. fuck 'em.
Hey. what the hell happened?
That's a crack.
You can't fight like that.
Pacquiao did it. I'll be fine.
You know. if he gets a hit in.
it'll puncture a lung.
-It could be fatal.
-Then I better not let him hit me.
Next up. The Killer!
You have any last words of advice?
Win.
-You got this. man.
-You got this. Killer. Come on. man.
Kayden "The Killer" Williams
makes his way to the cage
to face off Jax "Deadbeat" Deneris
in the showdown of the century!
Come on. brother. you got this!
You got this!
Come on. brother!
This is it. folks.
the moment you've been waiting for!
Ready?
Yo! Oh. that was dirty!
-Stay ahead. Nice.
-Hey.
Hey. I didn't think you'd come
after last night.
I didn't think so either.
but I couldn't let him do it alone.
I'm sorry we ruined the night.
You didn't. Jax did.
Kayden! Get off the cage! Cover up!
-Come on!
-Off the cage!
-Come on. Kayden.
-Find the opening!
Hold him! Don't let him go!
-Hold that.
-Squeeze. squeeze.
Come on! Squeeze!
Watch the leg. Watch the leg.
Come on!
There you go!
Come on.
His ribs!
You can do better than that.
Come on. Killer. Get up!
-Kayden. you're okay. It's his ribs.
-Aw. Kayden…
This is your guy?
He's the best you got at UFG?
Come on. Kayden. you're okay.
Breathe.
This guy? This guy?
I thought you came to fight. Killer.
In that moment.
I realized it didn't matter anymore
whether we beat Jax.
We had each other.
We'd already won.
Killer's back on his feet.
He's not ready to give up.
-Nice! Off the cage!
-You got this. Stay grounded!
Go.
Yes!
The Killer wins!
The defending champion…
Remember when I said
winning didn't matter?
I meant it.
But. damn. this felt good.
Killer. Killer. Killer. Killer. Killer!
You did it.
We did it.
And this felt even better.
Killer!
Oh. my God. Is she breathing?
Sienna. Come on.
Please. please. please. don't do this.
Fuck. man. Fuck!
Call an ambulance! Call an ambulance!
Dr. Robertson to the ER immediately.
You guys. she's up.
Sienna. can you hear me?
It's Beth. I'm right here.
You've been out for. like. three days.
Can we-- can we get you anything?
Go on your honeymoon.
We got her. Go. It's fine.
-You're gonna be okay.
-Where is he?
He waited
until you were in the clear. but…
He left you this.
I've always known there's danger
in loving someone too much.
the daily sacrifices
that turn into so much more.
It's okay.
Holding you in my arms.
I saw what I was doing to you.
and I know that if--
when you come back from this.
you'll continue to put yourself
in my shadow
just as you did with Jax.
You deserve so much more than that.
and I can be a part of holding you back.
You're one of the great ones. Sienna.
Hey.
Looks like our roles are reversed. huh?
You gonna nurse me back to health?
If you want.
I'll be here for you every day.
Seriously? You could've
saved yourself the trip.
No. it's not actually why I'm here.
but you did ask.
-You saw an opening?
-Pretty much.
Cookie?
Okay.
I. um…
I came to say that I'm sorry.
It was an accident.
I didn't see you. Sienna.
And by the time that I did see you…
The thought that I could've killed you…
Yeah. You could have.
But I…
I forgive you for everything.
-I love you.
-No. you don't.
You took my anger.
and you tried to control me with it.
and you called that love.
and that's not what love is.
But that doesn't mean
that you can never find it.
You just have to look
inside yourself. Jax.
Just try to fix
what's broken inside of you
and stop trying to break other people
to make yourself feel whole.
Can I ask you something?
You think there's still a chance?
Of what?
For me to be redeemed?
No one is beyond redemption.
But I wouldn't bet my money on it.
Yeah.
You're probably right.
It hurt. hearing those words.
feeling abandoned.
but it hurt even more
knowing he was right.
The first step in recovery
is admitting you have a problem.
I was an addict.
I'd been obsessed with Jax.
convinced it was love.
and my need for revenge
had thrown me even further off track.
With Kayden it felt different.
but I was still fighting for others
when I needed to fight for myself.
I'd lost sight of who I was.
what I wanted.
I wasn't one to forget.
but it cost me nothing to forgive.
All right.
-Not gourmet. but here you go.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hmm.
-I like your hair.
-It's very me. right?
-Yeah.
I ended things with Jax.
Well. aren't you gonna say I told you so?
I'm so proud of you.
Thanks. Si.
Now you've gotta focus on yourself.
I am.
Hey. whoa! Easy there. killer.
Hey. I'm not Killer.
-What'd he call you? Lucky?
-Exactly. It's ironic.
-Go again?
-Slow and steady.
I'll give you a minute.
-You look good up there.
-That? I was just warming up.
Heard you were in Philly.
Yeah. Yeah. I have an uncle up there.
I'm glad it worked out for you.
I just figured you be better off
if I wasn't here messing everything up.
-How selfless.
-I know. I know.
Now I know that running away
was exactly the wrong thing to do.
And I was a coward.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that I ran away
when you needed me the most.
And if you can't forgive me. that's okay.
I just want what's best for you.
I love you. Sienna.
I'm happy you're fighting.
I'd wish you luck. but who needs it when
they got your skills?
I read your letter.
I'm not gonna lie. I was so mad.
But I was just holding on to that anger
towards Jax.
and it was holding me back.
So. I don't know.
maybe I should be thanking you.
Well. no. but. um. you know what I mean.
I'm not doing the underground
thing anymore.
I applied to school in the fall.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
-That's really good.
-Yeah.
Um. in Philly?
Springfield.
So if you happen to know anyone
with a cheap room to rent.
I'd love a recommendation.
How's it going. Julian?
Well. it's still slow.
but I appreciate you
leaving me what you did.
It's not a fight
that I wanted any credit for.
but it's been keeping my lights on.
putting off the inevitable. I suppose.
Not if you have a champion.
You thinking about turning pro?
Not him.
Me.